Dr. Fu's
really nice,
but he's just...
How do I put it?
A bit shy.
Okay.
So later, please
be a little patient with him.
I get it.
He's here. Come over here.
Let me introduce you.
This is Yudong, Dr. Fu.
Hello, Dr. Fu.
Hi.
She's offering her hand.
Look, what did I tell you?
This is Ms. Ma,
the actress playing Mrs. Fu.
Now you've met.
Let's work well together.
Can you give us a moment?
Why not go touch up your makeup?
Thanks.
Sure.
What's going on? Who is she?
This is the brand image story
Michael specially
planned for you.
Michael!
Come over. Mr. Fu's here.
Explain it to him.
Mr. Fu's here?
Mr. Fu, please look.
Do you like it?
We've found
the most professional
team in Lucheng.
Take a look.
From inside, it looks
almost identical
to Canada.
This whole set...
Easy. Slow down.
Let's not rush.
I'll walk you through everything.
This turf is imported from America.
Four times the domestic price.
You can't tell it's fake
unless you get down and look closely.
Feel how soft it is.
Play the music.
Soft, right?
It's so realistic.
Now look at
this LED screen.
LED...
I heard
Hollywood uses these
for filming.
This alone costs over 300,000 yuan.
That's insane.
The budget for
this whole package
definitely went
way over,
but Mr. Xing specifically
told me that
our top priority now
is to elevate Dr. Fu's
personal brand value.
So I
designed this set
to meet
your...
Yes?
The set's fine,
but
why did you arrange
a fake wife for me?
Mr. Fu,
this is for our brand story.
What brand story?
Please sit.
Mrs. Fu has sensitive skin.
For years,
she's suffered
from skin problems.
Dr. Fu
happens to be a chemistry PhD
and worked at a major American
personal care company
as Chief R&D Officer.
Who?
You.
Me?
So Dr. Fu led
his team to create
skincare products
suitable for Asian skin,
our star product,
Dr. Fu's Anti-Allergy Essence Set.
Jesse.
Bring the samples
we're using
today.
Okay.
What is all this nonsense?
Wait, what is this?
Product samples.
That's a big deal. Why didn't
you discuss this with us?
No, Mr. Li, you've got it wrong.
These are just props
for today's shoot.
See?
They're all white bottles,
so it's easy to modify
the packaging design later.
How could I
make such an
important decision
without your approval, right?
And minor details
like this
are best left to the professional
team.
Today's real focus
is helping Dr. Fu
and his wife
relive their
happy memories
from Canada
in our filming setup.
Sorry, I can't do this.
That brand story
thing
is already hard enough to swallow,
and now a fake wife?
That crosses the line.
Why are you looking at me?
Your brand ambassador
just walked off.
Shouldn't your
professional team
deal with that?
Jesse!
It's fine.
Go back to your work.
Keep the music going.
Nice job.
Really,
he needs to be
put in his place.
Making samples
without telling us?
He really thinks we're just decoration?
I'm not attacking him personally.
I know.
But honestly,
you still need to
cooperate with
Michael today.
He's been running around
setting all this up.
It's not easy.
I know what you're thinking.
But look,
you're the brand ambassador.
What does that mean?
You're playing Dr. Fu,
get it?
That girl too.
She's playing Mrs. Fu.
It's not like she's going home with you.
What are you thinking?
Chill out.
Besides, do you know
how much today's production
costs with
all these people?
I'm paying half of it.
There's no turning back now.
That's being professional,
understand?
And hey,
you look pretty sharp
in that suit today.
Alright.
It's fine. Just still photos.
I asked.
Just an elevator ad
and some posters.
That's it.
The girl won't even show her face.
Just her back.
If she's okay with it,
what are you fussing about?
You're a man.
Be cool about it.
Dr. Fu,
could you tell us about
the brand story for this product?
I remember
when we were in Canada,
then my wife, she...
Director,
can I do that again?
Yudong, cheers.
Nian.
Here, open up.
Open your mouth.
Good boy.
What?
Never seen
this loving father side of me?
What's special about that?
Isn't that how you should be?
Honestly,
if I
hadn't brought him today,
I'd have taken you to
that street stall.
That one's really good.
Taking your son to a BBQ place?
Really?
If Cheng Man finds out,
she'll kill you.
She makes me
eat like a rabbit every day.
Ever had greens
boiled in just water?
I have to sneak out
to eat something decent.
But honestly,
their chicken wings
aren't as good as the street stall's.
You know why they charge so much
and still get customers?
Because they're good
at telling stories.
At the stall, they're just grilled wings.
But here? These're called
Flying Wings.
They claim the chickens
are free-range in the forest,
can give a kick
ten meters up into trees,
and lay eggs up there
instead of on the ground.
Sounds amazing, right?
What we need
to do now is find
every possible way
to promote
and tell stories.
I'm just frustrated.
I wanted to do real work,
real R&D,
but now
I'm a model being
ordered around for photos.
How ridiculous.
That's not bad.
Look at me.
I've basically
become a human bottle opener,
and I
drink till I'm a complete mess.
Wanna swap?
Control your kid.
What is he even watching?
Stop watching. Put it down.
Put the phone down.
You hear me?
Take your bottle and toast your uncle.
Stop it.
Come on, toast to your uncle.
Cheers.
Is this how you parent?
Yudong,
let me give you some real talk.
If you
still want to make money today
and give your family a better life,
you can't take
everything seriously.
Looking good! Nice!
Goal! Goal!
Beautiful!
Lin Dajie!
Guys! Guys!
I've got some great news.
My buddy Yudong
just got an offer
from the Royal
University of Toronto.
A joint master's and PhD!
Great!
Daoqi, stop shouting.
Get down from there.
To celebrate,
I'm buying everyone two beers!
Yeah! Yeah!
Yudong! Yudong! Yudong!
Master's to PhD!
Come in.
Mr. Li, are you...
You're already eating?
Is that homemade?
Mrs. Li's so thoughtful.
It's leftovers from last night.
Leftovers?
Very thrifty of you.
My wife
eats super healthy,
like an athlete.
My mom, afraid I wouldn't eat well,
braised some pork for me.
There was so much left yesterday,
and my wife told me to throw it away.
Am I crazy?
Throw away braised pork?
So I brought all of it for lunch.
Leftover braised pork
is delicious, actually.
Same with
overnight curry.
You like leftovers?
Then take it all.
No, thanks.
I'll head out.
Call me if you need anything.
Okay.
What did you come in here for?
Lunch.
What's for lunch?
The company lunchbox.
Worse than leftover braised pork.
I'll leave you to it.
Alright, alright.
Good.
You guys get back to work, go on.
Did you see Ran's video?
Pretty funny.
I think she could go viral.
But I have to remind you
your marriage to her
should stay under wraps.
Got it?
Why keep it secret?
We're legally married.
Our brand
targets high-end clients.
You're the face of the brand.
You gotta protect your public image.
I'm going to the factory
at 3:30 PM to check the production line.
You wanna come?
Tech stuff's not my thing.
You handle it.
I've got
got several meetings this afternoon
and an industry
summit tonight.
Go by yourself.
Jesse,
is the car ready?
Yes, Mr. Li.
Let's go.
Okay.
We'll head out then.
Lots of people there.
Hand out more business cards.
I brought five boxes.
If they don't take them,
I'll just stick them under
windshield wipers.
Did you hand out
all business cards?
Yeah.
What about your three boxes?
All gone.
I gave the last
two to the waiters.
Not a single one wasted.
Good, mission accomplished.
But that buffet,
I have to say, is awful.
If I'd known it'd be that bad,
we should've eaten
before we came.
You didn't have much?
I didn't eat a thing.
I know this amazing
BBQ place nearby.
Not far. I can take you there.
BBQ?
Yes.
Tell Chen where to go.
Okay.
Mr. Chen,
turn right at the light up ahead.
Got it.
Step on it,
but drive safe.
No problem, Mr. Li.
Great, now everything is perfect.
Yeah.
It's good.
Really good.
Glad you like it.
How did you even find this place?
If I saw these lights from outside,
I wouldn't dare go in.
It doesn't look like a BBQ joint.
I've had zero resistance
to BBQ since I was a kid.
Once I smell the cumin
and charcoal,
I just can't walk away.
Mr. Li,
I really admire you.
Really.
You can
handle those fancy dinners.
Yeah.
You're elegant, polished, and eloquent.
And you can grab
BBQ with a subordinate like me
like regular folks.
Not every boss can
pull that off.
Come on.
I am also ordinary.
I'm from
a working-class family,
seriously.
When I was a kid,
my mom worked night shifts,
so she had no time to cook dinner.
She just left some cash on the table
and told me to go eat downstairs.
I'd head straight
to the BBQ place downstairs.
The guy made incredible grilled beef tendon,
really.
0.5 yuan a skewer at first,
and 2 yuan later.
After a few years, the place shut down.
No idea where the owner went.
After I got married,
well, my wife...
She likes eating vegetarian.
Like, strictly vegetarian.
And she
told me she read some study
saying BBQ causes cancer.
But based on my years of experience,
I think not eating BBQ
might kill me.
Well,
which is worse?
It's hard to say.
Indeed.
Mr. Li,
I love meat too.
Anytime you're craving it,
just let me know.
I know tons of places,
good, fun,
and cheap.
We can go together.
Deal?
Deal.
Of course.
For real?
I finally found myself a meal buddy.
Cheers.
You really know where the fun is.
No, no, no. I'm flattered.
Great.
From now on, tell me about
any good spots you know.
Staying at home
all the time makes me dull.
Mr. Li,
you're not busy after this, right?
Right.
Let's go for a foot massage.
Foot massage?
You're gonna love it.
Lead the way. I'll pay.
Alright, then I won't hold back.
Sir,
is the bottom of my foot injured?
Why do I...
You may have a low tolerance for pain.
Yeah, maybe.
You're right.
I've always wanted to try this,
but my wife's
super ticklish,
so she won't come with me.
And I...
I felt kinda awkward coming alone.
So this is your
first time?
Yes, first time ever.
Then let me take a photo for you.
No, no, no.
Come on.
He's working on my feet right now.
Let's take photos together.
Let's take one together.
Hold on.
One, two, three. Look this way.
One, two, three.
One more. One, two, three.
Perfect.
Thank you.
Awesome.
You really know how to enjoy life.
Not bad.
If you like it, we can come again next time.
Alright.
Want him to go easier?
No, I'm fine.
Feels like the more it hurts,
the more I'm getting my money's worth.
Makes sense.
I'm just kidding.
You don't have to press that hard.
Here.
Quick.
Drink some lemon water.
It'll make you feel better.
I'll drink it later.
Later?
- I'll just leave it here then.
- I...
I didn't want to wake you,
so I thought I'd just
crash on the couch,
but then you got up.
How could I
sleep soundly when you're not home?
Sorry, I'm sorry.
Daoqi, listen to me.
Just cut down on these business parties.
Those parties seem fun,
people toasting,
acting like friends,
and exchanging business cards.
But what does it actually get you?
It's all empty networking.
It's different today.
It was just the two of us.
We didn't even drink.
More like a tiny team building thing.
Barbecue for team building?
Don't forget
it's a startup.
Budgets are tight.
Jesse also took me to
a foot SPA place.
God, the masseur was incredible.
Traditional technique.
He pressed one spot on my foot
and my whole head hurt.
Let me show you.
Who's Jesse?
She's the assistant
they hired for
me and Yudong.
She's pretty fun.
Young people nowadays
really know how to have a good time.
Look, this is the photo she took.
That's the masseur next to me.
He's a genius with
his hands.
Pity that you don't like
going to these places.
Otherwise, I'd take you.
And it was cheap too.
Didn't cost much at all.
Quite interesting.
We've got older.
Young ones
really know how to relax after work.
Well done.
Here.
Shall we add some fruit to the cake?
Let's add fruit.
Daddy likes mango, right?
Let's add more.
A bit more mango.
Let's add a strawberry.
How about this one?
Here, you add it.
Is that okay? Good?
Let's admire our work.
In your hand.
Hold it.
Come on, everyone.
Help yourselves.
Grab a cupcake.
Thank you.
I made these myself.
Please, take one.
Thanks.
Everyone's been working so hard lately.
I didn't know how else to
show my appreciation,
so I made these cupcakes.
Hope you all like them.
Just a small gesture.
Mr. Li's got such a good wife
and adorable son.
We're all jealous.
Don't just be jealous.
I put a lot of effort
into winning
over my wife.
You only see
the happy ending,
not all the hard work I put in,
you know?
Don't wait around.
Come get them yourselves.
No rush to work today.
It's a special day.
Let me show you
my office.
Great, sure.
These are for you.
Nian, let's go.
Come on.
Help yourselves.
Grab whatever you like.
Don't be shy.
Where is it?
Up ahead.
This is for you.
Looks like it fell on the floor.
This way.
This is my assistant, Jesse.
She usually has nothing to do.
Just pretending to be busy.
This is my wife.
Nice to meet you.
- Let's go, Nian.
- Hi.
Let me show you something fun.
Come here.
Being his assistant
must be exhausting.
Here, have some cake.
It'll cheer you up.
Thank you.
Mr. Li is
really good to us.
He's so funny and witty.
Working for him isn't tiring at all.
He has a lot of
social events lately.
Sometimes
I really don't want to call him,
worried it might disturb him.
Shall we add each other on WeChat?
Okay.
Let's stay in touch.
Okay, sure.
I'll scan you.
Okay.
Here.
You're home so early today.
I was exhausted the past two days.
When I got back, you two were already asleep.
Since I'm free today,
I thought I'd come home
early to hang out with you.
Where's Nian?
Reading a bedtime story.
He said he wanna
read it himself.
Should be awake now.
I'll go check on him.
Daoqi.
I have a dinner tomorrow.
Can you come home early
to take care of Nian?
No
problem.
Dinner with whom?
An old friend you don't know.
You sure?
Fine.
Can Nian and I eat out then?
Of course.
Can we eat anything we want?
Healthy food only.
[Nian.]
[Daddy's home.]
[You're so grown up now.]
[You can read by yourself.]
[Let me see, what are you reading?]
[The King and His Little Chick.]
Man, you're amazing.
These tickets are so hard to get.
But you got them anyway.
And even a signed band album.
I'm so happy.
Eat to your heart's content.
Today's on me.
Thanks.
Enjoy your meal.
You're way too nice,
even got lobster.
That's totally over the top.
Please don't say that.
It's my pleasure to treat you.
Thanks.
Before we eat,
can I take a photo?
Of course.
Thanks.
Pricy food really is different,
even the plating looks so nice.
Done.
Let's eat.
Okay.
Jesse.
I want to ask you something.
Why did you choose
a startup
for your first job?
Who wouldn't wanna work at a big company?
I wanted it too.
But they didn't want me.
I only have a second-tier university degree.
No fancy degree,
no connections.
I couldn't even get past
the resume screening at big companies.
And besides,
I'm from out of town.
So once I got the offer,
I just took it.
I had no real choice.
Jesse.
Did you know that
ninety-nine percent
of startups
only survive
for three to five years?
I really hope
your company is
part of the 1%.
I hope it grows stronger.
Go public and ring the bell.
Then my husband
can reach the peak of his life.
But
he can take the risk
because he has me
as his family support.
But you're different.
You're so young,
alone in an unfamiliar city,
trying to settle in.
It must be not easy for you to rely on
yourself for everything.
So you need to be careful
with every step.
Don't take
unnecessary risks.
I'm telling you this
because I see you as friend.
Don't mind me.
I understand.
Thank you so much
for telling me this.
But
for me,
life is really hard.
My current salary
is really not
as high as I expected.
My parents,
they have it tough too.
It's hard for them to earn money.
They don't have connections either.
So,
the most important thing
for me right now is to make money.
Man, there's something
I never dared to say
to Mr. Li.
But I wanna tell you about it.
I can work harder
and take on
more work tasks.
I just hope you could
talk to Mr. Li,
ask him to give me a small raise.
Just a tiny bit.
I appreciate your honesty.
First,
yes, youth is capital,
but opportunities matter more.
Have you heard of
Xunshuo Group?
It's a big company.
I know it.
A friend of mine runs it.
I heard some of their departments
are hiring assistants.
They're looking for
hardworking and reliable people like you.
I can recommend you.
Really?
With my education and experience,
is that possible?
I don't want to trouble you.
Don't say that.
You can do it.
Before, you may not have had a choice,
but now, I'm putting
the choice right in front of you.
It's up to you
to decide if you want to try.
Of course I do!
Thank you so much, Man.
I, uh...
Thank you, thank you!
Thank you so much!
You should thank yourself.
Excuse me,
I'm going to the restroom.
Okay.
Hello, check for table five, please.
Okay, just a moment.
What are you two doing?
We're doing photosynthesis,
absorbing energy.
Absorbing energy?
Now that you've absorbed energy,
come absorb some vitamins.
Have some fruit.
I haven't been feeling great lately.
Might need to absorb a bit longer.
You're not feeling good?
What's wrong?
Tell me about it.
The marketing department has
a planning meeting next week.
I wanted to come up with a plan
to compete with
Michael's team.
But before I finished the plan,
my assistant Jesse quit.
She studied marketing.
I thought with her help,
we could work on the plan together,
making me look more professional.
Well, guess what?
She quit.
How can I not be worried?
Then
hire a new one.
No big deal.
Jesse told me before
she wanted to
work at a bigger company.
Young people nowadays are all like this,
aiming too high.
Whichever company is bigger,
more famous,
offers them more money,
and they just jump ship.
It's fine.
Hire another one.
You'll definitely find the right fit.
Yeah, yeah.
She went to Xunshuo.
That's your friend's company, right?
Did you know about this?
It's the weekend.
Let's not talk about work.
The weather is so nice.
After we finish the fruit,
let's take Nian out for a walk.
Okay?
Well.
You guys go.
Gotta stay in the study
to work on the plan.
I can finish it by myself.
But, well, why is that?
Mr. Li.
all departments in the company
are fully staffed.
We don't have a need to hire anyone new.
But Jesse left.
Now I don't have an assistant.
As I just explained,
executive assistants
are handled by the HR department.
Jesse was
affiliated with us.
If you don't mind,
I can take on
your assistant's work.
Then get me a glass of water.
Just joking.
Even the CFO has his own assistant.
I, the CEO, have no assistant.
Does that make sense to you?
If you really need one,
I can report to Mr. Xing
to apply for a special approval.
Forget it.
I'll assist myself.
Don't worry, Mr. Li,
we'll deal with it ASAP.
[Dr. Fu.]
[Born from love.]
[After years of overseas studies,]
[Dr. Fu launched beauty R&D]
[for his wife's sensitive skin,]
[infusing deep affection]
[into every formula.]
[Glacial water hydrates,]
[premium plant extracts repair,]
[let Dr. Fu]
[guard your]
[skin.]
[Support this Chinese visionary]
[who protects his loved one]
[through science.]
[Dr. Fu is]
[dedicated to research,]
[out of true love.]
[Love her?]
[Give her]
[the tender care of Dr. Fu.]
What do you think, Mr. Fu?
Michael.
Isn't this a bit
far from the real me?
Not at all.
These are all words you said yourself.
But not in
an exaggerated way like that.
Well,
this just proves
it was worth the money.
Find a good editor,
after editing,
this Dr. Fu will be
the real you.
Marketing
always needs
some selling points.
We can't just
copy real life.
Besides, Mr. Fu,
this has already been
reviewed by Mr. Xing.
Let's just stick to
our own jobs,
and do our parts,
it's better for everyone.
Don't you think?
I get it.
But you can't just...
The fruit of the whole team's hard work.
Great job this time.
Mr. Fu just sang your praises.
You should thank him.
Thank you, Mr. Fu.
Alright, alright.
Get back to work.
This isn't marketing,
this is blatant coercion!
Using everyone's effort
to pressure me.
Did you see the video?
I asked for an assistant,
and HR said it needs
special approval from Xing Kai.
I'm the CEO here!
Worse off than a temp.
You have it better.
At least you can still fight for things.
Me?
I have no say at all.
What did you want me to see?
The promotional video.
I was bypassed.
He's flat-out disrespecting us.
I will address this at next week's
middle management meeting,
remind them
who the true backbone
of the company are.
How do you usually
hit this big dumbbell?
Duck your head,
grab that silver bar
with your mouth,
and hoist it up.
Based on the current analysis report,
we plan to
start from the third and fourth-tier cities,
gradually expanding
the brand
to first and second-tier cities.
Penetrate the lower market first.
Sorry to interrupt.
Dr. Fu is
an innovative domestic brand.
If our initial
business strategy
is so conservative,
how can we
join the top ranks later?
Mr. Li,
you make a very good point.
But it's risky to be too eager
for quick success.
It's not about quick success.
This is about strategic direction.
We have a price advantage,
and now we
have our own
brand story.
We should strike while the iron is hot
and directly target
the first and second-tier cities.
I agree with Mr. Li.
But Dr. Fu...
I also agree with Mr. Li.
Sorry to interrupt.
Mr. Li.
Next slide.
Everything I just analyzed
is based on
this analysis report
and market
feedback data.
Given the company's
current cash flow,
our top priority should be
to recoup our investment.
If we pour all
our money into
brand building,
we might end up
with nothing.
So, Mr. Li, I wonder
if the plan
you just mentioned
has sufficient
data to support it?
Data support?
The data is still,
well,
being organized.
But I assume
we're not sitting in this meeting today
just to build a
second-rate brand
in a year or two, are we?
Our target audience
is female consumers.
So we should
collaborate with
top influencers
with absolute influence
among women,
like Lady Wan.
It's a great idea.
But we're a new brand,
Lady Wan is a top-tier influencer.
How can we ensure
she'll collaborate with us?
I have confidence in our products.
I have confidence
in us too.
But if confidence alone
guaranteed success,
every street
would be full of entrepreneurs.
Also, Mr. Li,
Lady Wan demands
the highest commission in the industry.
Now isn't the time
to quibble over money.
A famous Chinese entrepreneur
once said:
Nothing ventured,
nothing gained.
Mr. Fu.
What's your opinion?
I'm no expert in operations.
But I think we should
focus most of our energy
on the product itself.
Or everything else is just empty talk.
Mr. Fu is right.
Try to contact
Lady Wan
tomorrow.
How will we know if it works
if we don't try?
Right?
Got it, Mr. Xing.
Then we'll go with
Mr. Li's plan.
Make the necessary sacrifice.
Good. Meeting adjourned.
Mr. Xing, excuse me for a moment.
See that Michael?
He really takes himself too seriously.
In today's meeting,
Xing Kai was clearly on our side.
Who does he think he is,
butting in like that?
How can you
propose collaborating with Lady Wan
right off the bat? That's too reckless.
Let me tell you,
the whole point of what I said today
was to let them know
our words carry weight
in this company.
Got it?
Lady Wan must be contacted.
And it can only be Lady Wan.
Anyone else just won't do.
If we don't accomplish
something significant here,
everyone will just treat us
like mascots.
Here we go!
Ha.
Great kick, Mr. Xing.
Not bad, right?
Yes, really good.
Come on.
There you go.
Nice shot!
You can't even defend that? On purpose?
No, no, no.
Okay.
Ha.
Mr. Xing, not bad!
Cut it out.
Mr. Xing.
Yudong.
We've been waiting for you.
Come on, join us.
I really don't know how to play soccer.
And I don't have soccer shoes.
What's your shoe size?
Me?
Forty-three.
You?
Take off your shoes for Mr. Fu.
Take them off.
Hurry up.
Okay.
Mr. Fu.
Put them on.
Mr. Xing.
I wanna talk to you about something.
Go ahead.
Why else
would you come find me?
Here?
Chop-chop.
We've got
a game later.
I was thinking
the stuff in that promo video
is kinda overboard.
You know,
you're good in every way,
except one thing:
you're
too rigid.
I know we need marketing,
but it can't be this absurd.
This is basically
falsification, isn't it?
How is this falsification?
I told you before,
marketing is just storytelling.
Right?
Why do you keep dwelling on it?
But the problem is I'm the protagonist
of this story.
If it were someone else,
I don't know if they could accept it.
But I'm thin-skinned.
Can't we just
tell my real story?
Listen to me,
playing soccer and running a company
are the same.
Everyone just
has different roles.
For example,
if I play forward,
I have to charge ahead.
If I play midfield,
I have to provide technical support.
If I play defender,
I have to do
all the dirty work.
To win,
everyone has to work together.
I've seen Michael's proposal,
it's good.
You know,
that Dr. Fu
is very charismatic.
And your real
academic background
makes it even better.
It's so perfect.
I mean it.
Actually, I think
I'm more suited for research.
Maybe you should find someone else.
What?
No one can replace you.
Look at you,
you're like
the anchor of the team.
You're irreplaceable.
Don't you get it?
Actually, if I just
provide technical support,
I can definitely
take the team to the next level.
Alright, alright.
I'll have the R&D team
find time to talk to you, okay?
After all,
you're a Canadian-returned PhD,
wasting your expertise is a shame.
Come on.
Mr. Xing.
This is just my wishful thinking.
Whether it's feasible or not
still needs to go through assessment.
I get that.
And, Mr. Xing,
Li Daoqi and I have poured
all our passion and efforts
into this company.
Perhaps our suggestions
are a bit immature,
we'd be grateful
for your tolerance and guidance.
I'm tired.
Need a break.
Hey, you're up.
Mr. Xing.
I'm not very good with words,
but I didn't mean to offend you.
Who said you offended me?
You're the last person in the world
who'd ever offend anyone.
I need to make a call.
Don't mind me.